So, I asked my AI social media team to critique their own TikToks, and the results were brutal.
Turns out, my whole setup was just a group of interns with no boss.
The "chill" voice sounded like a robotic sleep meditation, and we were using visual effects from 2015.
So, I changed the code.
I didn't add features; I added a boss.
Now, a Creative Director AI has to explicitly approve every single script.
If it sounds too hype-y or uses any engagement bait, it gets instantly rejected.
We’re shifting from a content pipeline to a creative studio.
Now we’re adding moving text and hooking into real-time trend data so the AI actually knows what’s happening in the world.
This feels right.